[CI:DOCS] Update podman-remote docs (#7458)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-remote.1.md

(not container) storage, hence each can use or manipulate images (but not containers)
created by the other.

Podman-remote provides a local client interacting with a Podman backend node through a RESTful API tunneled through a ssh connection. In this context, a Podman node is a Linux system with Podman installed on it and the API service activated. Credentials for this session can be passed in using flags, environment variables, or in `containers.conf`.

> The `containers.conf` has to be placed under `$HOME/.config/containers/containers.conf` on Linux and Mac and `%APPDATA%\containers\containers.conf` on Windows.

Reviewer: Should probably be 'The containers.conf **file**'

> The `containers.conf` file has to be placed under `$HOME/.config/containers/containers.conf` on Linux and Mac and `%APPDATA%\containers\containers.conf` on Windows.

Reviewer 2: The below is the placement for rootless, not rootful no?
```suggestion
The `containers.conf` file should be placed under `$HOME/.config/containers/containers.conf` on Linux and Mac and `%APPDATA%\containers\containers.conf` on Windows.
```

Reviewer: For podman-remote, shouldn't it always be HOME? Who would possibly want to run podman-remote as root?

Reviewer 3: I think its same for rootless and rootful on mac/windows since its just the client

Author: There is no special reason why I did this. Should I include the root paths?

Reviewer: >Should I include the root paths?

Oh please no. It's meaningless for windows/mac, and for anyone running podman-remote as root on linux, they just deserve what they get.

Reviewer 3: You don't need the root paths, this is correct

Reviewer 2: @edsantiago that's why I was suggesting the change to should, I wasn't advocating adding the root location too.  I'm OK with it as is.

Print usage statement

**--identity**=*path*

> Path to ssh identity file. If the identity file has been encrypted, podman prompts the user for the passphrase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Path to ssh identity file. If the identity file has been encrypted, Podman prompts the user for the passphrase.
```

> If no identity file is provided and no user is given, podman defaults to the user running the podman command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no identity file is provided and no user is given, Podman defaults to the user running the podman command.
```
sorry if I missed this last time.

Podman prompts for the login password on the remote server.

> **--log-level**=*level*

Reviewer 2: I thought this was a global option and only documented in podman(1)?

Author: podman(1) isn't included in the remote package. podman-remote(1) will be renamed to podman(1) while generating docs for remote.
